Fails/Wins & What Has Been the Most Challenging
    One win for these past two weeks is the change I have felt about my work in recording the Moodie Family Cemetery. When I first did this work, collecting data and inputting it into the system, I thought that my work seemed kind of useless. With technology like Google Maps, why would we ever need to record this information by hand? But in the readings, especially about cemeteries in Indigenous communities that are at a risk of being destroyed by costal erosion, I have come to realize that not all areas have (or even want) this technology. Those who don’t have access to it, or don’t want to use it, will need to continue to manually observe and record. I think it is important to teach those who want to work in the future field of archaeology multiple different ways to record information so that it can be collected in a way that’s proper and respectful to different sites. 
    Another win is in my understanding of the importance of ambiguous work. It is important to remember that one’s interpretation of an object and it’s use, and importance is based in what they know and understand, and that there are many different ways to interpret the given information. We must be open to the interpretations and observations of others and reject the idea that, although there is only one right answer, it is one that we can rarely be certain we found. 
    In terms of fails, I think one of mine is something I did while recording the Moodie Family Cemetery but have just this past week come to notice I’ve done it. I stated in my week 11 reflection that I believe it is important for archaeologists to bring their creativity into their work. When reading Ruth Trighamsstory of the life of Dido, I admired her creativity and ability to humanize what many others would have just seen as bones. She took those bones and created a life that they could have belonged to. When doing my survey of the Moody Family Cemetery, I barley thought of the people who lay there beyond their names and dates of birth/death. I failed to really think of them as real people who had lived a life of joys and sorrows, just like me. 
    What has been most challenging for me in this class is using the technologies that are useful and are a characteristic of digital research. I am able to call upon and look at past research, but when it comes time to use this technology to create new things or data, I had a very hard time.

The Implications for ‘Doing’ Digital Archaeology for Different Audiences and the Emergence of New Dilemmas
	I believe that Digital archaeology is changing in terms of who is interested in it, and who is involved. Like many other areas of research, archaeology was once almost exclusively dominated by white males. And although this might still be the case, it has become much more open to others. In terms of the audience, it used to just be other archaeologists who are able to pay to see articles and research done. Now, with the start of the open access movement, the audience of this information ranges greatly. I believe researchers have to keep this in mind when they are writing their articles so that they are better able to be understood by different people. This includes translating information into many different languages, along with making sure that the writing is not only understandable to those who have studied archaeology for 12 years. 
	When I first started learning about Digital Archaeology, I only really thought about the audience as being other scholars or students. Now, however, I have come to realize that this type of research is not only to further knowledge, but to also empower communities that have had parts of their history erased by colonialism. 
	Overall, I believe that opening archaeological information to the world is a good thing, however, it does come with a price. There are those who use the anonymity of the online world to spread hate and to hurt others in a place they cannot be identified por help accountable for their actions. Online bullying is something that can be seen in every field and age group. Someone who might not agree with something that an author has said might decide that instead of arguing in a professional way where they prove their side of the argument with facts, they might just write hate comments. Some people might also just try to hurt others for the sake of it.
